Hi, guys.
Then this lecture will create a constant high bar that is over.
You can have it switched over.
Then you're going to have an icon, which I wish is just going to be similar to this.
Okay.
Not to do this.
I'm going to go back to Our Vinci Code.
They are going to be doing this and the whole screen.
Right.
So I'm going to go to the home screen.
Okay.
Now in order to have a more cleaner code, what we can do is open this crazy folder.
We can create another for the wish the call widget.
Okay.
Then over this widget folder, you can create a new PHI, which we can't call custom.
But Escobar thought that.
Okay, now we can go with the settlers, which is.
Because the zip code is custom up for controlled by allied control and dots.
And that's important that you have that package.
Okay.
We can use which on this is save this file then we can go back to our.
Home screen.
Okay.
Now, is it of this set of widgets, we can just get rid of this, then use a column or.
The reason for this column is because we want all of our widgets to be displayed vertically.
That is from top to bottom.
Right.
Okay.
Now this color widget can take in multiple widgets so you can see children.
Now we are just going to pass first the cost of.
Okay, great.
Now over the course of our we don't really need to return a scaffold, but a container says we already
have the scaffold over.
Right.
Okay.
I'm trying to be now.
Now we're going to start designing the custom either.
First of all, you can see we have.
We have to, which is that is this test of this test we get over here and this I call widgets and both
are being displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
Now, to achieve this, got the reason?
What?
A real widget.
Okay.
So now we're going to say child.
The child is going to be a rule widget.
It can take multiple charges as this should read.
Right.
Okay.
Nicola.
Now the first thing you're going to have is a test widget.
Right now, you can see over the finish stuff, we have this ice symbol, right.
And I know that I have this old saying, what's it going to be?
Is it is a widget known as which test?
Okay.
Now for this test is going to be some standardized test.
Also this this plant got sick multiple, which is it as a surgeon.
But we are just going to be needing just to.
That's as you can see over here, we have this test and we also have this high symbol.
Right.
So.
They're going to have to test far right.
Like I said.
Okay.
This is for the test.
Either through the camera, then.
The other tests by.
Which is going to be for the high.
Okay.
I did try to cover.
Great.
Now for this this one aspect that says this is the type of test we can just say who the thing to test
is, who the.
Homer, right.
Then what's.
You know, you can see over here.
This went down.
So the next line that is they're looking for, they have to take this to the next light.
What they're going to do is release the backslash.
Backslash, and then it's going to be looking.
Looking.
Four.
Okay.
Now use controlling to save.
We're just going to have to start this.
And that's a save those on saved files.
Okay.
Now, we really can't see this because the effort there is this is going to take the color of white.
And this guy forward is a background of white.
Right.
So you can't really see that.
Okay.
Now what they're going to do, they're going to change the color of the rooster.
So they're just going to say.
STI test sti.
So this is going to be colour of colours.
That's why it's.
Okay.
I think we need one more.
So I think we are just this should be colors that black because the fourth is going to take the whites
color.
So for that.
I can I can see you can see this now.
Okay.
Now, what you can do is you can just give me a font size of 35 to this.
And if it's.
Alfonso, it's.
That would.
Okay.
Great.
Now also revenue.
Too for this.
Right.
So now they need to use that eye symbol, head off to have more PDA to talk.
Okay.
Now we can easily search for highway.
Now you can just click on this, but I think I'm just going to go with something else.
You're going to go with this zany face.
I think I love this.
Okay, then all we have to do is to copy this code.
You can go within the right.
So you can go with this quote, feel this.
You can go with any of your choice or you can just search for something that's way.
Okay.
So now I'm going to go back to ABC Code then as well.
We're going to have to test this is it is a type of test.
So it isn't the test is.
Okay, great.
Now he's got chance to see if and we'll check it out.
Okay now because it's so big.
This big.
So we can give this tie.
Then just stay.
Okay we can just change the font size to 35 said can small bigger.
Okay.
Great.
Now, Dennis, you are going to have to take this to the bottom and also take it from a bit a bit from
the left.
Okay.
Not to do this, you need to wrap it to the container.
But fortunately, we already have the container.
So I just want to go ahead and pass the part in.
So I'm going to give it.
It said it's holy.
Is this going to be positive for the top?
So we want it to go from the top of four.
Sorry, 2 to 5.
It's in 2 to 5 is okay.
Then as well.
I wanted to go from the left from.
That's if I could try to save now and go check it out.
Okay.
I think it is going to go to Etsy.
30.
Okay.
Good.
I think we need to have this.
Question mark over.
Now you can go with you.
I think already we have the high, right?
So you can just go right to the I.
But I think I lost some.
I need to play a bit, so so I have to go with the than the face.
But you can go with any of your choice.
We have a lot.
We are.
This is mainly our people, reality, the animals and nature, food and drink activity.
Travel is okay, so you can go with those.
But please note this What's the toughest part of the visitor is going to take the colour of whites so
that KZN is on your home?
You should say.
Why is that shine?
It's actually shiny.
But you can see this is the colour of whites in.